# spasalon

The main aim of this project is to develop a Salon Management System named “SpaSalon”.This web application is developed using Python Django Framework. This system allows the customer to choose any one of the salon or spa that is registered with the system. If a person selects a particular salon or spa , he or she can take appointment. If the salon owner is ‘OK’ with the appointment date and time ,they can confirm the appointment otherwise they can reject it. Customer can select their Salon based on previous customer reviews. For that, Customer should register with this system. This system consist of two modules named “Admin” and “User”.
User is the main module of this system. Here in this system mainly two types of users are there : Customers and Salon Owners. User module is created under “user” app. Salon owner can register their salon or spa with this system by providing the basic details. Also they can update their salon details in future. They can view their appointment list even after login .
Customer can take appointments with any registered salon even after registering with this system. They can select their nearest salon or spa based on previous customer reviews. Customer can pay money online for their appointment after confirmation from the side of salon.
Admin module is maintained by “SpaSalon” Administrators. Any user (salon owner and customer) can contact the administrator via Contact Form. They can report any issues regarding the entire system. An “accounts” app is created to modify the Admin Panel. Administrator can view the users messages from Admin Panel.
